Updated documentation for `Flex` (#2258)
iTwin/iTwinUI: apps/website/src/content/docs/flex.mdx

Author: I have made the change.

---
title: Flex
description: A utility component that makes it easier to work with CSS flexbox and iTwinUI design tokens.
thumbnail: #TODO
group: utilities
---

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

## Usage

> Wrap `Flex` around the components that should be the children of the flex container. Set the gap using the `gap` prop with a value of an iTwinUI size token (e.g. `x`, `xs`) or any valid css value (e.g. "1rem"). The default `gap` is `xs`.

Reviewer: Small suggestions. Feel free to commit the suggested change. It does the following:
- Split into two paragraphs and mentions `Flex.Item` explicitly.
- Removes mention of arbitrary CSS values, since it is not recommended.
- Links to size tokens
- Minor formatting nits

```suggestion
The `Flex` component is a generic container that can be wrapped around the items that need to be laid out using CSS flexbox. These items can be used directly or with [`Flex.Item`](#flex-items) for more granular customization.

`Flex` offers a `gap` prop, which can accept a value corresponding to [iTwinUI size tokens](/docs/variables#size) (e.g. `"x"`, `"xs"`). By default, a `gap` of `"xs"` is used.
```

Author: I have made this change.

<LiveExample src='Flex.main.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> The `Flex` container offers props that are equivalent to those of the CSS flexbox, such as `alignItem`, `justifyContent`, `flexDirection`, and `flexWrap`.

Reviewer: Typo fix + mention of default value (because it's different from CSS flexbox default)

```suggestion
The `Flex` container offers props that are equivalent to those of the CSS flexbox, such as `alignItems` (defaults to `"center"`), `justifyContent`, `flexDirection`, and `flexWrap`.
```

Author: I have made this change.

### Spacer

The `Flex.Spacer` subcomponent fills up the available space between flex items. This subcomponent is useful when it is necessary to push certain items to the edges.

<LiveExample src='Flex.spacer.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexSpacerExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Flex Items

> This `Flex.Item` allows customizing flex items through the `flex`, `alignSelf` and `gapBefore`/`gapAfter` props.

Reviewer: non-blocking (can be done in a future PR): I would like to explain in a bit more detail how the `flex` prop works, because our users are often confused by why we don't offer `flexGrow` and `flexShrink` props.

Reviewer: also, phrasing suggestion

```suggestion
The `Flex.Item` subcomponent allows customizing flex items through the `flex`, `alignSelf` and `gapBefore`/`gapAfter` props.
```

Author: I have added this as an after-PR todo and pushed the suggested change.

<LiveExample src='Flex.flexItems.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexWithFlexItemsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

The `gapBefore`/`gapAfter` props can used to override the gap at an individual level, for when you need a different gap than the one set in the parent `Flex`.

<LiveExample src='Flex.individualGaps.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexWithIndividualGapsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> 

Reviewer: non-blocking (can be done in a future PR): I would like to mention the `as` prop somewhere, because that's one of the strengths of the `Flex` component. It's a very important and useful pattern that's also easy to overlook.

Author: I have added this as an after-PR todo.

---
title: Flex
description: A utility component that makes it easier to work with CSS flexbox and iTwinUI design tokens. Supports all flex properties. Can be used with or without `Flex.Item` and `Flex.Spacer` subcomponents.
thumbnail: #TODO
group: utilities
---

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

## Usage

> Wrap `Flex` around the components you want to be the children of the flex container. To set a certain universal space between the children, pass iTwinUI size tokens (e.g. `x`, `xs`) into the `gap` prop. The `gap` prop is set to be `xs` by default.

Author: I have made the change.

<LiveExample src='Flex.main.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Flex properties

> The `Flex` container offers properties which reflect similar behaviors to the CSS flexbox, such as `alignItem`, `justifyContent`, `flexDirection`, and `flexWrap`.

Author: I have made the change.

---
title: Flex

> description: A utility component that makes it easier to work with CSS flexbox and iTwinUI design tokens. Supports all flex properties. Can be used with or without `Flex.Item` and `Flex.Spacer` subcomponents.

Reviewer: The frontmatter description needs to be kept short, ideally one paragraph.

It gets shown in the cards on this page and we should try to prevent too much truncation. https://itwinui.bentley.com/docs/components

Author: I have shortened the description. The last two sentences are mentioned in the sections below already so I have omitted those.

</LiveExample>

#### `alignItems`

<LiveExample src='Flex.alignItems.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexAlignItemsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

#### `flexDirection`

<LiveExample src='Flex.direction.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexDirectionExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

#### `flexWrap`

<LiveExample src='Flex.wrap.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexWrapExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Spacer

The `Flex.Spacer` subcomponent fills up the available space between flex items. This subcomponent is useful when it is necessary to push certain items to the edges.

<LiveExample src='Flex.spacer.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexSpacerExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Flex Items

This `Flex.Item` allows customizing flex items through the `flex`, `alignSelf` and `gapBefore`/`gapAfter` props.

<LiveExample src='Flex.flexItems.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexWithFlexItemsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

The `gapBefore`/`gapAfter` props can used to override the gap at an individual level, for when you need a different gap than the one set in the parent `Flex`.

<LiveExample src='Flex.individualGaps.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexWithIndividualGapsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> ### Props

Reviewer: This should continue to be h2. It's not a subheading of "Usage".

Author: I have changed this to be h2.

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

<LiveExample src='Flex.main.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.FlexMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> A utility component that makes it easier to work with CSS flexbox and iTwinUI design tokens. Supports all flex properties. Can be used with or without `Flex.Item` and `Flex.Spacer` subcomponents.

Author: I have added another description under the "Usage" section.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: We should definitely mention these briefly, but I don't think we need so many examples. It doesn't make sense to have separate examples for every single variation of flexbox. We are not doing anything special with these props, they are effectively the same as the regular CSS properties. It adds too much noise to the page, and detracts from the more important examples (`Flex.Item` and `Flex.Spacer`).

> ## Usage

Author: Okay, this makes sense. I will just briefly mention these.

> ## Usage

Author: I have removed the examples.

> 

Reviewer: It would be helpful to have an intro paragraph under the "Usage" heading (before any other subheadings). Here, we can explain the default behavior of `Flex` as well as mention top-level props (such as `gap`).

Author: I have added more explanation for the "Usage" section.
